feat: Detect the position of the component and recompute offsets when the position is updated (#3428)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/README_NEXT.md

| [`UIOptions`](#UIOptions) | <pre>{ canvasActions: <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/types.ts#L208"> CanvasActions<a/> }</pre> | [DEFAULT UI OPTIONS](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/constants.ts#L129) | To customise UI options. Currently we support customising [`canvas actions`](#canvasActions) |
| [`onPaste`](#onPaste) | <pre>(data: <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/clipboard.ts#L17">ClipboardData</a>, event: ClipboardEvent &#124; null) => boolean</pre> |  | Callback to be triggered if passed when the something is pasted in to the scene |

> | [`detectScroll`](#detectScroll) | boolean | true | Indicates whether to update the offsets when nearest ancestor is scrolled. |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`detectScroll`](#detectScroll) | boolean | true | Indicates whether to recompute the offsets when nearest ancestor is scrolled. |
```

> | [`detectPosition`](#detectPosition) | boolean | false | Indicates whether to update the offsets when position of the Excalidraw component is updated. |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`detectPosition`](#detectPosition) | boolean | false | Indicates whether to recompute the offsets when position of the Excalidraw component is updated. |
```

| getAppState | <pre> () => <a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/types.ts#L37">AppState</a></pre> | Returns current appState |
| history | `{ clear: () => void }` | This is the history API. `history.clear()` will clear the history |
| setScrollToContent | <pre> (<a href="https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/element/types.ts#L78">ExcalidrawElement[]</a>) => void </pre> | Scroll to the nearest element to center |

> | [`refresh`](#refresh) | `() => void` | Updates the offsets for the Excalidraw component. |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`refresh`](#refresh) | `() => void` | Recomputes the offsets for the Excalidraw component. |
```

No Excalidraw package doesn't come with collaboration, since this would have different implementations on the consumer so we expose the API's which you can use to communicate with Excalidraw as mentioned above. If you are interested in understanding how Excalidraw does it you can check it [here](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/excalidraw-app/index.tsx).

### refresh

> Updates the offsets for the Excalidraw component so that the coordinates are computed correctly (for example the cursor position). You don't have to call this when the position is changed due to scrolling on nearest scrollable parent or when the excalidraw container resizes (we handle that ourselves). For any other cases if the position of excalidraw is updated (example due to multiple scroll or add / removal of elements in flex container) you can use [detectPosition](#detectposition) or handle it manually by calling this API.

Author: ```suggestion
Recomputes the offsets for the Excalidraw component so that the coordinates are computed correctly (for example the cursor position). You don't have to call this when the position is changed due to scrolling on the nearest scrollable parent or when the excalidraw container resizes (we handle that ourselves). For any other cases if the position of excalidraw is updated (for example due to multiple scrolls or add / removal of elements in flex container) you can use [detectPosition](#detectposition) or handle it manually by calling this API.
```

> Recomputes the offsets for the Excalidraw component so that the coordinates are computed correctly (for example the cursor position). You don't have to call this when the position is changed due to scrolling on the nearest scrollable parent or when the excalidraw container resizes (we handle that ourselves). For any other cases if the position of excalidraw is updated (for example due to multiple scrolls or add / removal of elements in flex container) you can use [detectPosition](#detectposition) or handle it manually by calling this API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recomputes the offsets for the Excalidraw component so that the coordinates are computed correctly (for example the cursor position). You don't have to call this when the position is changed due to scrolling on the nearest scrollable parent or when the excalidraw container resizes (we handle that ourselves). For any other cases if the position of excalidraw is updated (for example due to multiple scrolls or add / removal of elements in flex container) you can enable [`detectPosition`](#detectposition) or handle it manually by calling this API.
```

### detectScroll

Indicates whether Excalidraw should listen for `scroll` event on the nearest scrollable container in the DOM tree and recompute the coordinates (e.g. to correctly handle the cursor) when the component's position changes. You can disable this when you either know this doesn't affect your app or you want to take care of it yourself (calling the [`refresh()`](#refresh) method).

### detectPosition

> Indicates whether the coordinates should be recomputed (eg to correctly handle the cursor) when the component's position changes. This will be disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates whether the coordinates should be recomputed (e.g. to correctly handle the cursor) when the component's position changes. This is disabled by default.
```

> Resizing and handling nearest scrollable parent ([detectScroll](#detectScroll)) is already handled so if there is any other case where position gets updated is where you will want to enable this prop (eg multiple scroll containers, or position updating due to addition/removal of elements in flex container).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detection of resizing and scrolling of [nearest scrollable parent](#detectScroll) is handled by default. If there is any other case where position gets updated (e.g. you render into multiple scroll containers, or add/remove elements from the DOM that can trigger change of Excalidraw position), you will either want to enable this setting or manually call [`refresh`](#refresh).
```

> 
> You might want to disable [detectScroll](#detectScroll) when you enable this prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Position change detection is done by polling the DOM at a short interval which can impact performance. As such, this setting is disabled by default. In most apps, we believe that detecting position change on top of scroll and resize detection is also not needed.
```

Scroll detection is cheap in comparison, and is debounced. Therefore I'd not recommend this optimization. Instead, I'd explain the tradeoffs of detectScroll, hence the proposed edit
